Update to use "Final Review" and XXXX placeholder (#19)
rfc-editor/AUTH48-repo-template: README.md

**ADs** - To approve any changes that are beyond editorial, **please reply to the email requesting approval** (using **REPLY ALL**) so everyone is aware of the approval.  

> The details of the Final Review status of the document are here: [https://www.rfc-editor.org/auth48/rfcXXXX](https://www.rfc-editor.org/auth48/rfcXXXX)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Details about the status of your Final Review are here: [https://www.rfc-editor.org/auth48/rfcXXXX](https://www.rfc-editor.org/auth48/rfcXXXX)
```

Author: I like this. Will also make this change in the markdown template.
